doc: update README.md to notice the user about RisingWave's usage of Scarf (#17012)
risingwavelabs/risingwave: README.md

To learn about other installation options, such as using a Docker image, see [Quick Start](https://docs.risingwave.com/docs/current/get-started/).

> > Please note: RisingWave uses [Scarf](https://scarf.sh/) to collect anonymized installation analytics. These analytics help support us understand and improve the distribution of our package. However, if you'd like to opt out, you can do so by setting scarf.enabled = false in your project's risingwave/src/config/<your-config>.toml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: RisingWave uses [Scarf](https://scarf.sh/) to collect anonymized installation analytics. These analytics help us understand and improve the distribution of our package. If you prefer to opt out, you can do so by setting `scarf.enabled = false` in your project's `risingwave/src/config/<your-config>.toml` file.
```

> > Please note: RisingWave uses [Scarf](https://scarf.sh/) to collect anonymized installation analytics. These analytics help support us understand and improve the distribution of our package. However, if you'd like to opt out, you can do so by setting scarf.enabled = false in your project's risingwave/src/config/<your-config>.toml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: RisingWave uses [Scarf](https://scarf.sh/) to collect anonymized installation analytics. These analytics help us understand and improve the distribution of our package. If you prefer to opt out, you can do so by setting `scarf.enabled = false` in your project's `risingwave/src/config/<your-config>.toml` file.
```
